welcome to the virtual tour of this 2008
work in play by Forest River this work
in play features a nice full-size awning
all fiberglass exterior and this one's
got aluminum wheels and as we enter
you'll have a large dinette spot for a
TV cabinets and the stereo double sink
microwave plenty of storage and then
you've got the extra large double door
refrigerator as we walk back here this
is the bathroom nice sized shower and in
the garage you'll have these two jiffy
sofas which turn into beds a spot that
you can see the posts and the post holes
in the floor where there would be a
dinette table that can go there and then
this is what the bed the bed is sofa bed
looks like when it's folded up gives you
maximum cargo space and in the back here
you can see there's a nice drop-down
screen wall and your spare tire this has
got 50 amp service on it and there's
also these vents that open up so you can
have cross ventilation as you travel
with your your cargo in the back here
and then that's where the table stoves
as you can see it's in excellent
condition very clean one-owner unit
thank you for watching the virtual tour
of this 2008 24 sk
Forest River work and play